Consider adding a cover photo as well. About the cover photo:

• High-quality and non-pixelated.
• Customized photos and images should be clean, non-distracting, and related to their work.

Includes the job title they are currently applying to.
Does not reference the job search (ie: does not say "seeking roles" or "aspiring").

The information that you put in the headline should be clear and concise, 
not only because you want to demonstrate focus in your professional aspirations, but to optimize your profile 
to show up easily in a filtered online search. Recruiters and employers will often use keywords like the title
of the role (example: Medical Imaging Research) to surface individuals to potentially reach out to.

I suggest you change your headline a bit, my recommendation is to include the title of your desired 
role in the headline to match with common search-terms/keywords related to the job you are seeking.

:bulb: Make sure your Headline is interesting and attractive. Your headline should be one of the following options:

• Your Current Job Title: This is the simplest but most effective way to optimize SEO (search engine optimization); 
LinkedIn even defaults to suggesting you do this.

• Your Education: If you do not have yet a job in your new industry, add your education. 
Example: "Data Analyst Nanodegree Graduate." You still include the term "data analyst".

• Your Target Job: If you're a Nanodegree graduate with a portfolio of real-world projects to share,
feel confident and list your target job title.

Udacity recommends that the Headline avoids the use of slashes (ie: "data analyst/data scientist").

I can't see any information in your Contact Info section. This may be happening due to your privacy settings. Check out if the reason I can't see it is due to privacy restrictions. If so, change them. If not, make sure to add information in this section as well.

It's a space where you can add contact information, links and resources like other profiles (GitHub, Twitter), a personal website, a portfolio, and anything else that shows the hiring manager more of you, your work and how to contact.

:exclamation: You didn't list a projects section, which we require all LinkedIn profiles to have, as it's standard practice in the tech industry.
There is a lot of work and learning and experience-gaining that we all do outside of traditional work experience, and a projects section allows you to get credit for that. It frames you as someone who pursues interests and is intellectually curious.

:point_up: Importantly, a projects section allows you to link to specific examples of your work, which often communicate your skill set more effectively than just talking about said work. Projects allow you to talk about specific technologies and, using links, demonstrate how you know how to use those technologies.

You can use projects to prove proficiency in certain areas that might not come up in your Experience section and just to demonstrate a wider variety of skills. Pick and choose projects to use based on what skills and competencies they show, how relevant they are to the positions you're applying to, whether the reader might find them impressive.

What can go in projects? Anything completed for an educational experience, your Nanodegree, a work project, experimenting in your garage, that app you tried making with your friends, etc.

Udacity highly recommends that you include 2-3 projects, and I would go further to push you to include the top 2-3 projects that you are most proud of.
Feel free to include your Udacity projects or schoolwork in there. However, it would be more impressive to see projects that you have taken on yourself as those will be more unique.
